let's start making the wings of the
angel we folded the ends of the clean
pipes to the center and we are going to join
this way
[Music]
when we have it that way we are giving shape
to the wings
lists we continue with the next step
we join the pipes clean by one of the
extremes
to make the dress we begin to
roll it up and we open each time a
little bit more the circle so that
to finish we stayed like a dock in
tail shape
[Music]
ah
i
we arrange it well and we already have the
dress
the next step is to stick the wings to the
upper part of the dress
you can use hot silicone or
fast glue
we have already made half of the little angel
Now we make the angel's hair with
a clean pipes of another tone
we're hitting the poliespán ball
with silicone or with real glue
at the point where the neck of the
angelito crosses the ball with a punch
or something similar that you have at home
to put the head in our little angel
let's use a piece of cleaner
pipes we put it around the neck area
we take it out by the middle of the wings and
we hooked
we painted the face of the angel and by
hole we have made we put it through
he cleans pipes
now we make the crown making a
circle with the remainder of clean pipes
we cut what's left and we put the
crown
[Music]
and finally we take a piece of
ribbon tie or tie and tie it to
the crown to hang the little angel
and with this we have already finished our
angel for Christmas tree stand
get to work and create your own
Christmas decorations
do not forget to give i like to share
and comment